Live site: http://lectortraining.com/

Dark button bg #9898c8
Light button bg #d0d0f8 (AND GRADIENT)

Button text #980030

plain-font
font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;   (Verdana??? (h2))

fancy-font
font-family: Georgia, 'Times New Roman', Times, serif;


--------------------------------------------------
TO-DO's-------------------------------------------



------CHANGES-----------

Under the hood, the pages have been rebuilt using modern techniques. The main result is that
the page adjusts it's layout for smaller screens, like smart phones.

Removed some errant line breaks so text flows normally full width, and at smaller widths.

Larger font for the regular text on all pages. (A best practice for accessibility.)

Longer page titles (The text that appears on a browser tab and in a bookmark). All titles now start
with "Audrey Sommers - " so they make sense on their own.

Centered the content area and added a plain background on either side.

The tabs are no longer images. This fixes some oddities and allows modern effects.
But the font is not exactly the same as the one used to create the images.

The original site uses a mix of serif and sans-serif font, page-by-page, for the body text.
And the style is sometimes italic and sometimes not. I think I matched this on
all pages. But please check and see if you want any changes.

Included the top heading, "Welcome to Audrey Sommers' Lector Training", on every page. 
This will help someone who goes directly to one of the "inner" pages
based on a Google search, etc. 

To make pages respond to different screen sizes, the layouts have changed slightly. And obviously
they change a lot on a much smaller screen.

Added a favicon (red book with cross). This can be changed to something else, if desired.

Made some major changes on the media page to match the overall look of the site.

I added sources for the story in the big image on the Media page. (Westland Observer, Canton Observer)

On the Media page, I moved the  National Catholic Register  links to a section
under the full text of the local Observer story. They confused me when I read the
original page from top to bottom. But they seem clearer after I've read the Observer(s) story.
Also, a story actually on the page pulls my attention along better than the links do.
But I can definitely change the order back, if desired. 

On the Media page, the link http://www.ustream.tv/recorded/17162548 is broken. Do you have a working one?

They awards photo emailed in a word doc was tiny. And the resolution was too low if I just blew it up.


